(Service, anytime.Ford) 
For many car owners, dealing with basic service is a time-consuming hassle.

Make an appointment at the dealership, take time off, and either drop the vehicle off and be car-less for the whole day or pass hours at the service center watching game shows on TV and eating out of the vending machine.

Ford, in partnership with Panasonic, is trying something different: a "Smart Service Kiosk" that might remind some car owners of automated checkout at a grocery store or home-improvement store.

"The kiosk allows customers to come to the dealership at any time to drop-off and pick-up their vehicle key or obtain keys to a loaner vehicle, select needed services from a quick-pick menu, and pay for service using a credit or debit card," Ford said in a statement.

According to the carmaker, the kiosk went online in January at Lafontaine Ford in Michigan and will operate for three months. It will also be, literally, a 24/7 proposition for owners. So if you realize you need an oil change at 3:00 AM, Ford has you covered.

“At Ford, our goal always is to make customers lives better, through both our products and services,” Brad Brownell, the automaker's Global Distribution Strategy director, said in a statement.

“Smart Service Kiosk enables Ford customers to drop-off, pick-up, select and pay for their vehicle service on their time, whether it’s outside of dealership service hours, or to avoid waiting in line if the service staff is busy.”

Dealers may be concerned that with services such as this, their ability to interact with customers and sell or lease new vehicles could be hampered.

But for Ford, removing a common pain point for owners could actually improve business, as their loyalty to dealer service would be enhanced by the experimental system.

NOW WATCH: FORD CEO: This is why women and young people love SUVs



More From Business Insider 

Amazon's Alexa is officially coming to Ford cars
Here is how carmakers are pivoting to attract customers who don't want to drive
Startup AutoFi has joined with Ford to make buying a car less painful

@@@@

Andrea Smith says the Charlotte Chamber of Commerce wants to be “the front door” to the city.

Smith, Bank of America’s (NYSE: BAC) chief administrative officer who is also currently chairing the chamber, spoke about the organization’s new mission Tuesday at Commercial Real Estate Women Charlotte’s March luncheon.

2017 Charlotte Chamber chair Andrea Smith cuts up with Bob Morgan, chamber president and CEO, at the organization's annual meeting in December.
Enlarge
2017 Charlotte Chamber chair Andrea Smith cuts up with Bob Morgan, chamber president and… more

NANCY PIERCE

The CBJ reported in January the chamber is broadening its mission to be more inclusive. Smith says it’s important to bring more voices to the table to better represent Charlotte’s business community.

“Gone are the days of the chamber being your grandfather’s chamber,” Smith says. “It’s really relevant to what’s going on today.”

Smith says the chamber has a new focus on innovation and entrepreneurship. The chamber created a new entrepreneur-in-residence role this year and is working to boost infrastructure and resources for startups.

Justin Gaither, founder of eCampus Ventures, is listed as the chamber’s entrepreneur in residence for 2017.

“That’s been a population we have gotten a lot of feedback from at the chamber that has felt under represented,” Smith says. “So we really want to bring those voices to the table and see what we can do to make the environment much more appealing to more entrepreneurs.”

Smith says the chamber has three pillars it is focused on now: Connect, innovate and grow.

“We want to be a chamber that helps connect people, helps connect people to nonprofits, helps connect businesses to people and connects the work that’s going on all around Charlotte,” Smith says. “We’re going to really foster an innovative environment.”

She says the chamber was too exclusive in the past. Smith hopes to give more people access to the chamber’s resources.

Smith also says the chamber is planning to bring in two people to replace Natalie English, who was the chamber’s public policy chief for many years. English left the chamber in January to lead Wilmington’s Chamber of Commerce.

“That position is going to be replaced with two people just to really focus on the public policy aspects and where the chamber can be helpful,” Smith says. “Again, bringing more voices to the table.”

@@@@

Software and hardware maker Oracle (ORCL)  is expected to report a year-over-year decrease in earnings but a gain in revenue for its fiscal 2017 third quarter after Wednesday's market close. Analysts will be looking at the company's SaaS and PaaS bookings, as well as its new software licenses. 

Analysts expect Oracle to report per-share earnings of 62 cents on revenue of $9.26 billion. The Redwood City, Calif.-based company posted earnings of 64 cents on revenue of $9.01 billion for the comparable period last year. This will be the first time Netsuite's full quarterly results are included in the report after Oracle acquired the cloud software company for $9.3 billion in November. 

During Oracle's 2017 second quarter conference call, founder Larry Ellison claimed that the company could book over $2 billion in annual cloud sales for the year. In addition, CEO Mark Hurd said, "Q3 has a chance to be our best quarter ever, period." 

The CEO's attempt to reassure investors came after the company's cloud bookings declined from $602 million in the 2016 fourth quarter to $272 million in the 2017 first quarter, before rising again to $377 million in the 2017 second quarter. In order to justify this seesaw in bookings, the company needs to report about $600 million in cloud business for the quarter, Davidson said in a note on Monday. "Given the steep implied sequential growth rates, success on this metric will likely dictate near-term stock performance," the firm said.

Jefferies said in a note on Monday that it's expecting the company to follow through on its claims by delivering stronger-than-expected cloud bookings. Drexel released a similarly upbeat note, saying "Oracle began pushing aggressively into the cloud, negatively impacting sales and EPS along the way; however, we believe the worst of this cloud transition is over and we expect Oracle will return to annual EPS growth in FY:18 for the first time since FY:14."

Pacific Crest Securities was less sure about Oracle's cloud business being a positive for the quarter. "Oracle is seeing acceleration in cloud, specifically in its SaaS and PaaS products, which is likely to create uncertainty and inconsistency in its model during this transition," the firm wrote in a note to investors this morning. "Therefore, despite a relatively attractive valuation, we see limited upside in ORCL from current levels."

Another key figure that analysts will be looking for is an improvement in new software licenses (also known as its "on premise" business) after the company reported a 19% year-over-year decline in this area for the 2017 second quarter. MKM Partners is expecting a 16% year-over-year decline for its license business this quarter. Some investors are concerned about risk for this segment in the fourth quarter as a result of management noting that cloud transition has the most dampening effect during the seasonally strong fourth quarter, according to the firm. 

"Looking out, relative improvement to license is key to ORCL as the bull case looks for the best EPS growth in years in FY18 (9%) behind a 12% decline in licenses vs. 16% in FY17," MKM Partners wrote. 

While Oracle is up about 11% year-to-date vs. the 6% rise in the S&P 500, Canaccord said that's mainly because "investors who missed the rally tend to prefer value." The firm claimed that it's "cautiously optimistic that Oracle can at least maintain operating and free cash flow margins despite spooling up a big push against Amazon  (AMZN) AWS. Even so, if we sense an adverse wiggle, the stock's rally could mean that we will downgrade ORCL from a BUY that we have maintained for 3+ years."

BMO Capital was similarly skeptical about the company, wanting to see more positive results from the company, according to a note released on Monday. The firm said that Oracle has missed Wall Street's estimates in seven of the past eight quarters by an average of about 1% and $100 million. "During this same period, software licenses have declined on average 10% CC and 14% on a reported basis," the firm wrote. "Hence, we think investor expectations remain relatively low. We believe ORCL needs to consistently meet (not beat) targets, including guidance and Street estimates, for the shares to move higher."

According to analyst ratings on FactSet, the company currently has 22 buy ratings, 12 hold ratings and 1 sell rating.

@@@@

DALLAS (AP) — The New York attorney general says that while Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was CEO of Exxon he used an alias in emails to talk about climate change.

The attorney general, Eric Schneiderman, made the accusation in a letter to a New York court Monday. He is investigating whether the company deceived investors and the public by hiding for decades what it knew about the link between fossil fuels and climate change.

Schneiderman said Exxon failed to disclose that Tillerson used an account named "Wayne Tracker" to send and receive emails about issues including risk management related to climate change. Wayne is Tillerson's middle name. The account was used from at least 2008 through 2015, he says.

Exxon Mobil spokesman Alan Jeffers said the email account was created for secure and quick communication between Tillerson and senior executives over a range of topics.

The State Department declined to comment on the matter and referred inquiries to Exxon. Tillerson resigned as chairman and CEO of Exxon Mobil Corp. at year end, after then-President-elect Donald Trump picked him to become the nation's chief diplomat.

Schneiderman said his investigators found the Wayne Tracker account on about 60 documents but that neither Exxon nor its lawyers ever disclosed that it was used by Tillerson. He said that Exxon has failed to give his office all documents covered by a court order in response to his investigation.

Exxon disputed this. "The very fact the attorney general's office has these emails is because they were produced in response to the subpoena," Jeffers said in a statement.

Tillerson would not be the first chief executive to use an alias in electronic communications. A notable case was John Mackey, the CEO of Whole Foods Market Inc., who used a pseudonym to post messages on investor websites criticizing another company and suggesting that its stock was overpriced. Whole Foods later bought the rival over objections by federal antitrust regulators.

@@@@

Waitr Inc., a food delivery service that is partly managed out of Sacramento, has raised $10 million from a group of Gulf Coast investors led by New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees.

Brees owns a restaurant in New Orleans, the sports-themed Walk-On's Bistreaux & Bar, as well as multiple locations of Dunkin’ Donuts in Louisiana. His restaurant has been a customer of Waitr, which offers a smartphone app and website that connects restaurants and customers with its delivery service.

Kayleigh Locastro, a driver for food delivery service Waitr, picking up an order from OBO' Italian Table & Bar in Sacramento.
Enlarge
Kayleigh Locastro, a driver for food delivery service Waitr, picking up an order from… more

DENNIS MCCOY | SACRAMENTO BUSINESS JOURNAL

“I have seen firsthand how Waitr’s software platform can give a restaurant new revenue streams they might not have otherwise. We have seen the growth in our own restaurants after signing on with Waitr,” said Brees, in a news release.

Lake Charles, Louisiana-based Waitr last year bought Requested, a Sacramento-based company offering an app that handled restaurant payments, reservations and discounts. Some of Requested's Sacramento-based management team remained with the combined company after the acquisition. Sonny Mayugba, Requested's co-founder and CEO, is chief marketing officer with Waitr. He is also co-founder of The Red Rabbit Kitchen and Bar in midtown. Nichole "Coco" Barnum, Requested's other co-founder and chief operating officer, is head of product with Waitr.

The new investment will help Waitr grow into new markets, spokesman Dean Turcol said. The company now serves 18 cities and the investment will help it expand to 40 by the end of the year.

Locally, Waitr serves Roseville, Rocklin and started serving Sacramento last month.

The service charges a flat fee of $6.99 for food deliveries.

It is competing against other restaurant delivery services that have entered the Sacramento market in recent years, including San Francisco-based Postmates, DoorDash and Caviar, and Sacramento-based FoodJets.

@@@@

The " Fast Money " traders shared their first moves for the market open.

Tim Seymour was a buyer of JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM).

Brian Kelly was a buyer of Intel (NASDAQ: INTC).

Steve Grasso was a buyer of Citigroup (NYSE: C).

Guy Adami was a buyer of Goldman Sachs (NYSE: GS).

Trader disclosure: On March 13, 2017 , the following stocks and commodities mentioned or intended to be mentioned on CNBC's "Fast Money" were owned by the "Fast Money" traders: Guy Adami is long CELG, EXAS, GDX, INTC, Guy Adami's wife, Linda Snow, works at Merck. Steve Grasso's firm is long CUBA, DIA, HES, ICE, KDUS, MAT, MFIN, MJNA, MSFT, NE, RIG, SPY, TITXF, WDR, WPX, WLL, ZNGA. GRASSO IS LONG: CHK, EEM, EVGN, GDX, KBH, MJNA, MON, MU, OLN, PFE, PHM, QCOM, SNAP, SPY, T, TWTR. GRASSO'S KIDS OWN: EFA, EFG, EWJ, IJR, SPY. No Shorts. Brian Kelly is long Bitcoin, XBI, DXJ, TBT, DXY. Short: Yen, US Treasury Bonds.Tim Seymour is long ABX, AAPL, APC, AVP, BAC, BBRY, C, CLF, CVX, DO, DVYE, EDC, EWN, EWZ, F, FB, FCX, FXI, GM, GOOGL, GE, INTC, LQD, MOS, MCD, MUR, OIH, PG, RACE, RAI, RH, RL, SINA, SQ,T, TWTR, VALE, VZ, XOM. short: EEM, SPY, XRT; Tim Seymour's firm is long ABX, BABA, BIDU, CBD, CLF, EEM, EWZ, F, KO, MCD, MPEL, NKE, PEP, PF, TCEHY, SAVE, SBUX, SINA, VALE, VIAB, WMT, WEN, X, YHOO, short EWG, HYG, IWM.

@@@@

The Dow Chemical Co. (NYSE: DOW), based in Michigan, and Delaware-based DuPont (NYSE: DD) are nearing the end of the regulatory approval process for their upcoming merger into DowDuPont, and the companies are now targeting a second-quarter closing date.

The closing date was supposed to be in the second half of 2016, according to the Dow press release that originally announced the deal. The companies both have offices in Houston.

Doug May is the hydrocarbons business president for Dow Chemical Co.
Enlarge
Doug May is the hydrocarbons business president for Dow Chemical Co.

COURTESY

"We're probably at the tail end, we think — we hope — with the regulatory approval of the European Commission," said Doug May, Dow's hydrocarbon business president, at an interview at CERAWeek by IHS Markit.

May said that approval is expected by the end of the month, while other major regulatory hurdles — in U.S., China and Brazil — to follow relatively soon afterward.

"To be clear, we don't control the timing of these regulatory bodies, but that's our best guess," May said.

The merger was originally announced toward the end of 2015, making this process an unusually long one as far as mergers go. That's at least partly because of the scale of the merger and the number of jurisdictions it falls into, May said. The market capitalization of the combined company post-merger is expected to come in around $130 billion, Dow said in the original release.

DuPont has already seen some employment cuts as a result of the merger, and Dow's president, chairman and CEO, Andrew Liveris, said on his company's fourth-quarter earnings call in January that the deal would mean a reduction in headcount, though he pointed out that longer-term plans involve growth.

The companies plan to spin off into three independent, public companies after the merger.

@@@@

Here are 5 stocks added to the Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell) List today:

America's Car-Mart, Inc. CRMT operates automotive dealerships and is one of the largest automotive retailers in the U.S. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for its current year earnings has been revised 18.9% downward over the last 30 days.

Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV BUD is the leading global brewer and one of the world's top five consumer products companies. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for its current year earnings has been revised 7.9% downward over the last 30 days.

B&G Foods, Inc. BGS manufactures and distributes a diversified portfolio of high-quality, shelf-stable foods across the U.S. and Canada. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for its current year earnings has been revised 8.9% downward over the last 30 days.

BASF SE BASFY is a major chemical company globally. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for its current year earnings has been revised 9.5% downward over the last 30 days.

Buckle, Inc. BKE is a retailer of medium to better-priced casual apparel for young men and women. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for its current year earnings has been revised 8.1% downward over the last 30 days.

View the entire Zacks Rank #5 List.


Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
 
America's Car-Mart, Inc. (CRMT): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
Anheuser-Busch Inbev SA (BUD): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
BASF SE (BASFY): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
B&G Foods, Inc. (BGS): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
Buckle, Inc. (The) (BKE): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
To read this article on Zacks.com click here.
 
Zacks Investment Research

@@@@

What do you do when your stock price triples in two weeks? Sell as many shares as you can, whereever you can sell them.

That seemed to be the strategy of the management at Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc. AUPH, +0.76% which saw its stock rocket from $3.56 at the end of February to $10.54 on Monday, amid positive results from studies of its treatment for lupus.

Late Monday, the company announced a public offering of common shares but didn’t specify how many shares it intended to sell, just saying the offering was “subject to market conditions.” The offering was made as part of a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in November 2015.

Ahead of Tuesday’s open, the Canada-based company said it managed to sell 22.3 million common shares, which would effectively increase the number of shares outstanding by 42%. All shares were being sold by the company.

“Aurinia has achieve several important milestones over the past several months; this momentum led to an oversubscribed deal, a premium to the stock price 5 days ago and an overall shift of our shareholder base to long-term institutional shareholders,” the company said in an emailed statement to MarketWatch.

0:00 / 0:00
Need a raise? This FBI negotiator shows you how(1:25)
Chris Voss, former lead kidnapping negotiator for the FBI, knows how to get what he wants. In this episode of "Everyday Hostages," an original Moneyish series, Voss breaks down exactly how to negotiate a higher salary.

Aurinia’s shares plunged 25% in afternoon trade, on heavy volume of 38.7 million shares. The stock was the biggest percentage decliner and the second-most active on the Nasdaq exchange.

FactSet
Given the size of the offering, which was more than double the full-day average volume of 9.1 million shares, it is no wonder the underwriters of the offering couldn’t sell the shares at a price anywhere near Monday’s closing price.

Underwriters Leerink Partners LLC and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. were able to price the offering at $6.75 a share, a 36% discount to Monday’s close of $10.54.

Despite the deep discount, the price was still nearly double what it was just two weeks ago. The company still expects to pocket about $150.5 million, before fees and commission. Aurinia plans to use those proceeds for research and development, including the funding of a phase 3 trial of its lupus treatment.

“We believe that the proceeds from the offering provides us with the ability to quickly bring to market an effective treatment for patients suffering from lupus nephritis by bringing voclosporin through phase 3 trials and associated regulatory filings and will also enable us to explore other potential indications for its use,” Aurinia told MarketWatch.

Aurinia’s stock has nearly quadrupled year to date, while the SPDR S&P Pharmaceuticals exchange-traded fund XPH, -0.91%  has climbed 5.6% and the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.34%  has gained 5.7%.

More from MarketWatch
This is the most overvalued stock market on record — even worse than 1929
Trump solves central bankers’ biggest problem
Ferrari's New 812 Superfast

@@@@

It's that time again! Jim Cramer rang the lightning round bell, which means he gave his take on caller favorite stocks at rapid speed:

Exxon Mobil (XOM): "I think you should wait until it gets to a 4 percent yield. It's at 3.68. We'll get Wednesday, we'll get high inventory numbers. Maybe Exxon breaks $80 and then you can pull the trigger. I want you to get in at the right price. It does matter."

Sonic Drive-In (SONC): "I like Sonic too. And, you know, when we have [CEO] Cliff Hudson on, I think, 'terrific.' But here's the problem. Right now, going out, dining, restaurant[s], all bad. So we've got to be very, very careful. Can't push that one very aggressively, even though at $23 it's very cheap."

Skyworks Solutions (SWKS): "You know what, maybe you sell a third and let the rest run. I only say that because it spiked so boldly in the last few weeks. I think that it would be prudent to just take a little off the table. And I like that stock, everyone knows that."

Ionis Pharmaceuticals (IONS): "Goldman put out a call which basically said that you don't want to get near this stock. Look, I've got to tell you, I would like [CEO] Stan Crook to come back, 'Why don't we just go point by point?' Because Goldman's piece really did make you feel like it's just the biggest short sale in the world … We need to get to the bottom of that short call. And that was what I would regard as a short call."

AbbVie Inc. (ABBV): "That company is doing so, so well. I mean, they really do have a lot of good drugs. I really think that they've managed. And let me throw in Abbott (ABT), the other guys. Both of them are in very, very good situations."

Amplify Snack Brands (BETR): "People feel like unless they get a takeover bid, it's just going to keep going down. The food business has gotten very, very tough. Look, as a spec, I don't know, I think it's OK here. As a spec, but no more than a spec. You're not talking about a really cheap stock."

Questions for Cramer?
Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC

Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up!
Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine

Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com

@@@@

Owing to its unimpressive past performance, Hibbett Sports Inc. HIBB has underperformed the Zacks categorized Retail – Miscellaneous/Diversified industry in the last six months. Evidently, this Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell) stock has slumped 28.4% in the last six months, as against the industry’s growth of 2.1%.
 

View photos

However, the company’s recently reported fourth-quarter fiscal 2017 results provided some cushion to the stock, as both the top and bottom line came in line with estimates. While earnings recovered from a miss delivered in the last quarter, sales crushed its seven-quarter long negative surprise trend. Notably, shares of the company have gained 5.7% since the earnings announcement. Is this gain short lived or will the momentum gathered continue in the near term?

Coming to the fourth-quarter highlights, Hibbett’s earnings per share of 54 cents plunged 28.9% year over year, while coming in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate. The year-over-year decline in the bottom line could be partly attributable to increased costs, which also weighed upon margins.
 


FindTheCompany | Graphiq

Net sales inched up 0.5% to $246.9 million, almost meeting our estimates. However, comparable-store sales (comps) dipped 2.2%, hurt by soft traffic during the holiday season. Further, comps were marred by softness noted across the apparel and equipment businesses, somewhat compensated by continued strength in Hibbett’s footwear business – that witnessed a mid-single digit rise in comps.

Hibbett’s gross profit fell 4.6% to $81.5 million, while gross margin contracted 180 basis points (bps) to 33%. The decline in margin was due to unfavorable markdowns and product mix, along with logistics and store occupancy cost deleverage.

Further, the operating income tumbled 30.7% to $19.1 million, whereas operating margin contracted 350 bps to 7.7%, mainly due to higher store operating, selling and administrative expenses (also as a percentage of sales). The escalated expenses stemmed from reduced comps and incremental costs associated with the company’s omnichannel initiatives.

Other Financial Aspects

Hibbett ended the year with nearly $39 million in cash and cash equivalents, no outstanding bank debt and total availability under its credit facilities worth $80 million. Total shareholders’ investment, as of Jan 28, was roughly $334.0 million.

The company’s capital expenditure was $10.2 million in the fourth quarter, while the same for fiscal 2017 amounted to $29.8 million. For fiscal 2018, the company expects capital expenditure in a range of $25–$35 million.

Hibbett repurchased 342,200 million shares worth $11.4 million during the fourth quarter, following which it had shares worth roughly $257.9 million remaining under its $300 million standing authorization, as of Jan 28. In fiscal 2018, management targets buybacks worth $45–$55 million.

Store Update

In fiscal 2017, Hibbett introduced 65 stores, expanded 8 high-performing stores and shut down 31 underperforming ones. As a result, it ended the year with 1,078 stores across 35 states.

For fiscal 2018, the company plans to open 50–60 new stores, while closing 25–35 stores.

Hibbett Sports, Inc. Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise
 


View photos
Hibbett Sports, Inc. Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise | Hibbett Sports, Inc. Quote

Outlook

While management wasn’t very pleased with its fourth-quarter performance, it remains focused on its strategic growth efforts, which are expected to boost the top line from fiscal 2018 onward. In this regard, the company’s store-to-home capacity is slated to be rolled out in first-quarter fiscal 2018. Further, Hibbett is on track to launch its e-commerce site in the second half of the fiscal. These endeavors are likely to enrich customers' experience, thus placing Hibbett well for long-term growth.

That said, the company provided its fiscal 2018 outlook, where it expects comps to grow in a low-single digit range. Further, management anticipates gross margin to remain flat with fiscal 2017.

Finally, for fiscal 2018, which will have an additional week, the company expects earnings to range from $2.65–$2.85 per share. The Zacks Consensus Estimate is currently pegged at $2.75.

Further, management’s guidance includes an adverse impact of about 3–4 cents per share from Hibbett’s omnichannel investments, which is expected to lead to SG&A expenses deleverage in fiscal 2018. However, this is likely to be partly countered by increased revenues and other cost savings.

Zacks Rank

Some better-ranked retail stocks include The Children's Place, Inc. PLCE, Big 5 Sporting Goods Corp. BGFV and Kate Spade & Company KATE. While Children's Place sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), Big 5 Sporting and Kate Spade carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.

Children's Place has an average positive earnings surprise of 39% in the trailing four quarters with long-term earnings per share growth rate of 10.3%.

Big 5 Sporting has an average positive earnings surprise of 1.6% in the trailing four quarters with long-term earnings per share growth rate of 12%.

Kate Spade has an average positive earnings surprise of 14.6% in the trailing four quarters with long-term earnings per share growth rate of 28.3%.

Zacks' 2017 IPO Watch List

Before looking into the stocks mentioned above, you may want to get a head start on potential tech IPOs that are popping up on Zacks' radar. Imagine being in the first wave of investors to jump on a company with almost unlimited growth potential? This Special Report gives you the current scoop on 5 that may go public at any time.

One has driven from 0 to a $68 billion valuation in 8 years. Four others are a little less obvious but already show jaw-dropping growth. Download this IPO Watch List today for free >>


Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
 
Children's Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
Big 5 Sporting Goods Corporation (BGFV): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
Hibbett Sports, Inc. (HIBB): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
Kate Spade & Company (KATE): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
To read this article on Zacks.com click here.
 
Zacks Investment Research

@@@@

U.S. consumers want vehicles built on light truck bodies — pickups, sport utility vehicles and crossovers. U.S. carmakers have failed to switch production from passenger cars to light trucks fast enough to keep up with the changing demand, and now they are paying the price with bloated inventories of cars nobody wants to buy.

General Motors Co. (GM) has had inventory problems since the middle of the fourth quarter of last year. The company's November inventory checked in with 87 days of supply, which dropped to 84 days in December, jumped back to 87 in January, before popping to 108 days of supply at the end of February. Automakers typically want to see inventory levels of 60 to 70 days.

ALSO READ: 11 New Cars That Buyers Can’t Wait to Get Rid Of

According to a report Monday morning from Automotive News, GM's passenger car inventory started the month of March with a 123-day supply of passenger cars and an 81-day supply of light trucks. The Buick division posted a passenger-car inventory of 239 days, about three times the 79 days of supply at the beginning of March 2016.

GM's to inventory at the end of February totaled 900,681 cars and light trucks, up from 878,590 at the end of January. Ford Motor Co. (NYSE: F) had March 1 inventory of 678,300, down 77,200 units compared with its inventory level at the end of January. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. (FCAU) showed 578,800 units in inventory at the end of February, a drop of nearly 100,000 from the end of January.

ALSO READ: Fuel Economy Rules Threaten Jobs, Vehicle Prices: Study

Auto industry inventories at the end of February totaled 4.1 million units, up nearly 300,000 year over year and the highest for any month since July 2004, according to Automotive News. Passenger-car inventory totaled 79 days of supply, 12 days above the long-term average and the second-highest total in 25 years. Light-truck inventory began the month of March with 71 days of supply, three days below the long-term average.

For the year to date, GM stock has added about 5.7%, slightly below the S&P 500 average of 6%. Ford shares are up about 3.4%, while Fiat Chrysler has posted a gain of nearly 20%.

Related Articles

10 Disappearing Car Brands
States With the Highest (and Lowest) Gas Taxes
10 Brands That Will Disappear in 2017

@@@@

Morgan Stanley analyst Rajeev Lalwani and team upgraded Boeing (BA) in June, noting at the time that everyone simply hated the stock. Since then, Boeing’s shares have gained 40%, so what’s an analyst to do? Downgrade its stock, of course.


Agence France-Presse/Getty Images
And that’s exactly what Lalwani and team did today. They cut Boeing’s shares to Equal Weight from Overwieght, not because they dislike the stock, as Barron’s Avi Salzman did when he panned the stock last May, but because everyone seems to recognize the potential of the company. They explain:

A risk-reward that now has more balance drives our shift to Equal-weight. Our thesis on BA was that the combination of poor sentiment, a slowing (but not rolling over) aero cycle, and robust FCF made shares compelling. With shares now up ~40% from the middle of last year and at an all-time high, the risks now appear more balanced. In addition, we believe it will be difficult for shares to move too far above a peer (or market) multiple, which is where they sit today (~18xvs. ~16.5x peers and ~17x market on 2018E EPS). Given that BA has the strongest cash flow profile in A&D per a 7-8% FCF yield (and growing) along with a half a trillion dollar backlog, we view the premium as justified and more than offsetting the cycle risks. And when assessing the risk-reward in shares, as observed in our bull-bear analysis and discussed further below, the upside and downside ranges from a balanced ~$120 to ~$250, thus supporting our move to Equal-weight.

Shares of Boeing have dipped 0.2% to $178.31 at 12:24 pm. today.

@@@@

Billionaire financier Carl Icahn disclosed Monday that he raised his stake in Herbalife (HLF) as shares were nearing a two-month low. The news moved shares higher, which climbed more than 2% before the market’s open and recently traded at around $52.

Icahn, of Icahn Enterprises (IEP), a diversified holding company with a concentrated portfolio of stock, spent a little over $19 million to boost his stake to 24.57% from 24.18%. That’s not a huge increase, especially in the context of the green light he received from the U.S. Federal Trade Commission to acquire a up to 50% stake in the company in October 2016.


Photo by Buda Mendes/Getty Images for Herbalife)
Don’t forget Bill Ackman of Pershing Square Capital Management, who has been critical of the sports nutrition company’s incentive structure and accused the company of defrauding its customers, is on the other side of this bet. Ackman first took a short position in Herbalife in May 2012. After what seemed like an uphill battle for Ackman, the tides seemed to turn in his favor as the  Federal Trade Commission closed its pyramid-scheme investigation in July and handed down a $200 million settlement fine. But Herbalife cheered too, because the FTC didn’t require it to change its core business model, and shares actually rose on the news of the settlement. However, some have seen evidence of the company coming apart at the seams.

It was brought to my attention that I missed something: the FTC is requiring Herbalife to change its multi-level marketing compensation structure. “This settlement will require Herbalife to fundamentally restructure its business so that participants are rewarded for what they sell, not ow many people they recruit,” said FTC Chairman Edith Ramirez. “Herbalife is going to have to start operating legitimately, making only truthful claims about how much money its members are likely to make, and it will have to compensate consumers for the losses they have suffered as a result of what we charge are unfair and deceptive practices.”

Herbalife bulls could argue that the company gets most of its money abroad anyway. Of the $4.5 billion in revenues the company pulled in last year, less than a quarter of it was generated in North America. Meanwhile China and the Asia Pacific region accounts for nearly 40% of sales, and the company recently inked a deal with China’s Tasty Holding Group. However, the SEC is investigating whether Herbalife violated foreign bribery laws.

So whose side is an investor to take — Icahn’s or Ackman’s? The best place to be might be the sidelines, with a bucket of popcorn.

@@@@

Jim Cramer says there are seven stocks that he especially likes for dividends.

Cramer ran down the names recently as part of his exclusive monthly Q&A conference call with members of his Action Alerts PLUS club for investors.

Here's a look at what he likes:

American Electric Power (AEP) .  "At 3.6% [yield], I would buy that one," the stock-picker said.
EPR Properties (EPR) . The stock-picker called this real estate investment trust "terrific," noting that it currently yields about 5.5%.
General Electric (GE) . Cramer called the industrial giant a "good yielder ... We're being paid to wait for the turn because of that dividend." He said GE doesn't appear to have the cash to increase its dividend "the way I like," but Cramer said he's sticking with the stock anyway because "the assets are worth more than [the shares] are selling for."
Magellan Midstream Partners (MMP) .  Cramer said he "loves" MMP at its current 4.4% dividend yield.
PepsiCo (PEP) . The stock-picker called this soft-drink giant a "good yielder."
Six Flags Entertainment (SIX) and Cedar Fair  (FUN) . Amusement-park giant Six Flags is member of the Action Alerts PLUS "bullpen" of stocks that Cramer is considering buying for his charitable trust. "I really like [SIX]," he said. "I've met with the company every quarter." Cramer added that he also favors rival amusement-park operator Cedar Fair. "That's a good one," he said.
(Want to join in on Jim's monthly conference calls? Click here for a free 14-day trial subscription to Action Alerts PLUS and hear all of March's call, get e-mails before Jim makes any trade and enjoy lots of other exclusive material.)

Watch the latest from Jim Cramer:

Here Is What Jim Cramer Expects From the Federal Reserve on Wednesday
Jim Cramer on Trump's Firing of U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara
Jim Cramer on Intel's Purchase of Mobileye: 'It Makes a Huge Amount of Sense'
Jim Cramer Talks Intel, Mobileye, United Technologies, Boeing and Oil
At the time of publication, Action Alerts PLUS, which Cramer co-manages as a charitable trust, was long GE, PEP, AEP and MMP.

@@@@

Much to the delight of its shareholders, Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc. HPP announced a quarterly common stocks dividend of 25 cents per share. This marks an increase of 25% from that of the prior payment. The increased dividend will be paid on Mar 30 to stockholders of record on Mar 20.

Hudson Pacific Properties is focused on owning, operating and acquiring office properties and media and entertainment properties in select growth markets primarily in Northern and Southern California. The hiked dividend is equivalent to an annual rate of $1 per share, up from the earlier annual dividend rate of 80 cents per share. In 2016, the company did not raise the dividend rate. The last time, it raised the payout was by 60% from 12.5 cents per share to 2 cents back in the fourth-quarter 2015.

In fourth-quarter 2016, the company reported funds from operations (“FFO”) per share of 46 cents, in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate. In the four trailing quarters, Hudson Pacific Properties recorded positive average surprise of 2.95%.

Investors interested in the REIT and Equity Trust – Other industry, may have a look at stocks like Global Net Lease, Inc. GNL, CoreSite Realty Corporation COR and CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc. CORR.
 
Note: FFO, a widely used metric to gauge the performance of REITs, is obtained after adding depreciation and amortization and other non-cash expenses to net income. All EPS numbers presented in this write up represent FFO per share.

5 Trades Could Profit "Big-League" from Trump Policies   

If the stocks above spark your interest, wait until you look into companies primed to make substantial gains from Washington's changing course.
Today Zacks reveals 5 tickers that could benefit from new trends like streamlined drug approvals, tariffs, lower taxes, higher interest rates, and spending surges in defense and infrastructure. See these buy recommendations now >>


Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
 
Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc. (HPP): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
CoreSite Realty Corporation (COR): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust, Inc. (CORR): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
Global Net Lease, Inc. (GNL): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
To read this article on Zacks.com click here.
 
Zacks Investment Research

@@@@

Cash is the lifeblood of any business. It offers strength, vitality and flexibility to make investment decisions as well as the fuel to run its growth engine. Moreover, cash shields a company from market turmoil and indicates that profits are being channelized in the right direction.

In fact, to invest in the right stocks, one must go beyond profit numbers and look at a company’s efficiency in generating cash flows. This is because even a profit-making company can have a dearth of cash flow and fail to meet its obligations. But a company’s resiliency can be fairly judged when its efficacy in generating cash flows is assessed.

To find out this efficiency, one needs to consider a company’s net cash flow. While in any business cash moves in and out, net cash flow explains how much money the company is actually making.

If a company is experiencing a positive cash flow then it denotes an increase in its liquid assets, which gives it the means to meet debt obligations, shell out for expenses, reinvest in business, endure downturns and finally return wealth to shareholders. On the other hand, a negative cash flow indicates a decline in the company’s liquidity, which in turn lowers its flexibility to support these moves.

However, positive cash flow alone is not sufficient to predict a company’s future growth. A company can competently grow only when this positive cash flow is rising. Increasing cash flow indicates management’s efficiency in regulating its cash movements and less dependency on outside financing for running its business.

So while picking stocks, go beyond profits and make sure to look for companies with dependable and increasing cash flows.

Screening Parameters:

To find stocks that have seen increasing cash flow over time, we ran the screen for those whose cash flow in the latest reported quarter was at least equal to or greater than the 5-year average cash flow per common share. This implies a positive trend and increasing cash over a period of time.

In addition to this we chose:

Zacks Rank 1: No matter whether market conditions are good or bad, stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) have a proven history of outperformance. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.

Average Broker Rating 1: This indicates that brokers are also highly hopeful about the company’s future performance.

Current Price greater than or equal to $5: This sieves out low-priced stocks.

VGM Score of B or better: This score is also of great assistance in selecting stocks. Importantly, this scoring system helps in picking winning stocks in their individual industry categories.

Here are four out of the eight stocks that qualified the screening:

SP Plus Corporation SP, based in Chicago, provides professional parking, ground transportation, facility maintenance, security and event logistics services to property owners and managers in all markets of the real estate industry. The company has a VGM score of A. Moreover, it has an expected long-term growth rate of 11.5%.

Also, SP Plus logged in a return of 21.1% over the past three months, which is way better than the 6.2% gain witnessed by the Zacks categorized Consumer Services - Miscellaneous industry.

International Consolidated Airlines Group, S.A. ICAGY is a holding company for British Airways and Iberia engaged in the provision of passenger and cargo transportation services in the U.K., Spain, the U.S. and other countries. The stock has a VGM Score of A. The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2017 earnings rose 6% over the last 30 days.

Also, over the past three months, International Consolidated Airlines’ shares returned 24.4% against the Zacks categorized Transportation – Airline industry’s increase of 3.7%.

SK Telecom Co., Ltd. SKM is a provider of wireless telecommunications services in South Korea. The company offers wireless voice transmission services; cellular global roaming services; and interconnection services to connect its networks to fixed-line and other wireless networks. The stock has a Value score of A.

The Zacks Consensus Estimate for 2017 earnings increased 5.7% over the past 60 days. Also, over the past three months, SK Telecom Co.’ shares outperformed the Zacks categorized Wireless Non-US industry, registering a return of 10.6% against the industry’s increase of 4.3%.

j2 Global, Inc. JCOM, headquartered in Los Angeles, CA, offers Internet services through its segments – Business Cloud Services and Digital Media. The Stock has a VGM Score of B. The company delivered an average positive earnings surprise of 2.46% in the trailing four quarters.

Moreover, 2017 earnings estimates increased 8.1% to $5.59 per share over the last 30 days. Also, j2 Global gained 24.8% in the last six months while the Zacks Internet Software industry lost 4.0%.

Get the rest of the stocks on the list and start putting this and other ideas to the test. It can all be done with the Research Wizard stock picking and backtesting software.

The Research Wizard is a great place to begin. It's easy to use. Everything is in plain language. And it's very intuitive. Start your Research Wizard trial today. And the next time you read an economic report, open up the Research Wizard, plug your finds in, and see what gems come out.

Click here to sign up for a free trial to the Research Wizard today.

Disclosure: Officers, directors and/or employees of Zacks Investment Research may own or have sold short securities and/or hold long and/or short positions in options that are mentioned in this material. An affiliated investment advisory firm may own or have sold short securities and/or hold long and/or short positions in options that are mentioned in this material.

Disclosure: Performance information for Zacks’ portfolios and strategies are available at: https://www.zacks.com/performance.

Zacks Restaurant Recommendations: In addition to dining at these special places, you can feast on their stock shares. A Zacks Special Report spotlights 5 recent IPOs to watch plus 2 stocks that offer immediate promise in a booming sector. Download it free »


Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
 
International Consolidated Airlines Group SA (ICAGY): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
j2 Global, Inc. (JCOM): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
SK Telecom Co., Ltd. (SKM): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
SP Plus Corporation (SP): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
To read this article on Zacks.com click here.

@@@@

Solar company JA Solar Holdings Company Ltd. JASO is set to release fourth-quarter 2016 results before the opening bell on Mar 16.

Last quarter, the company posted a positive earnings surprise of 400.00%. JA Solar was able to beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate in two of the trailing four quarters, with an average positive surprise of 102.21%.

Let’s see how things are shaping up prior to this announcement.

Factors at Play

JA Solar caters to a geographically diverse customer base, spanning across Germany, Italy, the U.S., Spain, India, Korea, China and Japan. As the company entered the fourth quarter, it continued to observe slowdown in the Chinese market.

In fact, management also provided a conservative outlook for the fourth quarter for JA Solar’s business. This was primarily because of an expected temporary slowdown in demand within the domestic market.

Furthermore, the company expects shipments in the range of 1.2–1.3 gigawatts (“GW”) of cells and modules for the fourth quarter as all of them are a part of external sales.

However, apart from the anti-dumping policies in the U.S. and Europe, JA Solar has to face cut-throat competition from domestic peers. The fierce competition between Chinese solar companies often hurts the business margins of most firms. Also, high product costs continue to impact the stock and are expected to hamper fourth-quarter results as well.

Again, the victory of Donald Trump has raised uncertainties in the alternative energy industry. Far from supporting the renewable sector with any kind of incentives, the President-elect has promised to revive coal.

Moreover, the Zacks Consensus Estimate for the company’s revenues is pegged at $524 million for the fourth quarter, which reflects a decline of 26.12% on a year-over-year basis. Meanwhile, our estimate for the bottom line also reflects a 114% drop.

Earnings Whispers

Our proven model does not conclusively show that JA Solar is likely to beat earnings this quarter. This is because a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) for this to happen. But that is not the case here, as you will see below.

Zacks ESP: JA Solar has an Earnings ESP of 0.00%. This is because both the Most Accurate estimate and the Zacks Consensus Estimate stand at a loss of 7 cents. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they’re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.

Zacks Rank: JA Solar carries a Zacks Rank #3, which increases the predictive power of ESP. However, the company’s 0.00% ESP makes surprise prediction difficult.

Note that we caution against stocks with a Zacks Rank #4 or 5 (Sell rated) going into the earnings announcement, especially when the company is seeing negative estimate revisions.

JA Solar Holdings, Co., Ltd. Price and EPS Surprise

 

JA Solar Holdings, Co., Ltd. Price and EPS Surprise | JA Solar Holdings, Co., Ltd. Quote

 

Peer Releases

First Solar Inc. FSLR reported fourth-quarter 2016 earnings of $1.24 per share, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 97 cents by 27.8%. The reported number, however, declined 22.5% from the prior-year figure of $1.60. The company carries a Zacks Rank #3. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.

JinkoSolar Holding Co., Ltd. JKS reported fourth-quarter 2016 non-GAAP earnings per American Depositary Share (ADS) of 88 cents, missing the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $1.33 by 33.8%. The reported figure also declined 62.4% from the year-ago quarter earnings of $2.34 per ADS. This company also has a Zacks Rank #3.

SunPower Corp. SPWR reported fourth-quarter 2016 loss of 73 cents per share, wider than the Zacks Consensus Estimate loss of 51 cents. However, in the year-ago period, the company had posted earnings of $1.62 per share. The company has a Zacks Rank #5 (Strong Sell).

Zacks' 2017 IPO Watch List

Before looking into the stocks mentioned above, you may want to get a head start on potential tech IPOs that are popping up on Zacks' radar. Imagine being in the first wave of investors to jump on a company with almost unlimited growth potential? This Special Report gives you the current scoop on 5 that may go public at any time.

One has driven from 0 to a $68 billion valuation in 8 years. Four others are a little less obvious but already show jaw-dropping growth. Download this IPO Watch List today for free >>


Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
 
JA Solar Holdings, Co., Ltd. (JASO): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
First Solar, Inc. (FSLR): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
JinkoSolar Holding Company Limited (JKS): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
SunPower Corporation (SPWR): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
To read this article on Zacks.com click here.
 
Zacks Investment Research

@@@@

Investors certainly have to be happy with Dimension Therapeutics, Inc. DMTX and its short term performance. After all, the stock has jumped by 18.9% in the past 4 weeks, and it is also above its 20 Day Simple Moving Average as well. This is certainly a good trend, but investors are probably asking themselves, can this positive trend continue for DMTX?

While we can never know for sure, it is pretty encouraging that estimates for DMTX have moved higher in the past few weeks, meaning that analyst sentiment is moving in the right way. Plus, the stock actually has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), so the recent move higher for this spotlighted company may definitely continue over the next few weeks. You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here.  

Zacks' 2017 IPO Watch List

Before looking into the stocks mentioned above, you may want to get a head start on potential tech IPOs that are popping up on Zacks' radar. Imagine being in the first wave of investors to jump on a company with almost unlimited growth potential? This Special Report gives you the current scoop on 5 that may go public at any time.

One has driven from 0 to a $68 billion valuation in 8 years. Four others are a little less obvious but already show jaw-dropping growth. Download this IPO Watch List today for free >>


Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report
 
Dimension Therapeutics, Inc. (DMTX): Free Stock Analysis Report
 
To read this article on Zacks.com click here.
 
Zacks Investment Research

@@@@

By Lauren Hirsch and Sruthi Ramakrishnan

(Reuters) - Luxury fashion retailer Neiman Marcus Group Ltd LLC said on Tuesday that it was exploring strategic alternatives, including changes to its capital structure or a sale of the company, as it seeks relief from its swelling debt pile.

The announcement follows a Reuters report earlier this month that the company had turned to investment bank Lazard Ltd <LAZ.N> to explore ways to bolster its balance sheet. Neiman Marcus has total liabilities of $6.4 billion, including $1.2 billion of deferred income taxes.

Hudson's Bay Co <HBC.TO>, owner of the Lord & Taylor and Saks Fifth Avenue retail chains, is in exploratory talks about acquiring Neiman Marcus, according to people familiar with the matter.

The Wall Street Journal reported earlier on Tuesday that Hudson's Bay was seeking a deal that would give it control of the business without having to assume Neiman Marcus' debt. It did not provide details as to how this can be achieved.

It was not immediately clear how the company's capital structure could allow for a sale that would be in compliance with its debt obligations without some arrangement with creditors. Hudson's Bay and Neiman Marcus declined to comment.

Neiman Marcus also said it made changes to its corporate structure, including naming subsidiary online store My Theresa and some of its properties in Virginia and Texas "unrestricted," meaning not subject to the same rules under credit agreements as other units of the company.

However, experts said this was aimed more at helping the company better manage its debt liabilities.

"They want to increase flexibility to deal with creditors," said Anthony Canale, head of high yield research at research firm Covenant Review LLC. "They want a bargaining chip."

Hudson's Bay had approached department store operator Macy's Inc <M.N> earlier this year about an acquisition, but its bid stumbled as it struggled to line up equity financing, sources told Reuters earlier this month.

Neiman Marcus would be a significantly smaller acquisition. It had $4.9 billion in sales in 2016, compared with Macy's $25.8 billion, and has roughly 40 stores, compared with more than 700 stores operated by Macy's.

Neiman Marcus has been challenged by the same problems as other U.S. retailers: pressure to offer discounts to entice shoppers who increasingly prefer the price and convenience of buying online.

Meanwhile, shares of Hudson's Bay tumbled more than 20 percent to a record low in January after it cut its revenue forecast for the year ended on Jan. 28 for the second time, citing a challenging retail environment in the United States and Europe.

Hudson's Bay shares were down 1.2 percent to C$11.75 in Toronto on Tuesday afternoon, giving it a market capitalization of C$2.1 billion.

Dallas-based Neiman has also been challenged as affluent Texans have cut back on buying because of a drop in energy prices, while a stronger U.S. dollar has restrained spending at its Bergdorf Goodman department store, a popular New York tourist destination.

Neiman Marcus on Tuesday reported a 6.1 percent drop in quarterly revenue and a net loss of $117 million, compared with year-earlier net earnings of $7.9 million. It blamed the results in part on an inventory management system that failed to work properly, leaving it unable to fill orders.

The company also wrote down the value of the Neiman Marcus brand by $153.8 million, after having reduced it by $466.2 million last September.

Private equity firm Ares Management LP <ARES.N> and the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board had acquired Neiman Marcus for $6 billion in 2013.

Despite its challenges, Neiman Marcus has been renovating existing stores and still plans on opening new ones, including a flagship location at New York City's Hudson Yards development.




(Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru and Lauren Hirsch in New York; additional reporting by Jessica DiNapoli in New York; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and Lisa Von Ahn)